Turns out it doesn't have to be that way.

Alsup calls the complex four-year gang case, which originally involved dozens of notorious San Francisco Mission District M-13 gang members and began as a death penalty case, "the hardest thing I ever had to do professionally, without any doubt."

Brees threw for 363 yards and four touchdowns (two each to Lance Moore and Jimmy Graham) — giving him eight in his past two games against the Giants — and even ran for one. Meanwhile, the Giants (6-5) made repeated mistakes to kill any hopes of staying in this one: missed tackles, dropped passes, dropped interceptions, fumbles, missed sacks and blown coverages.

Homeowners who fail to apply in time to keep their credit will lose it in the tax year beginning July 1, 2013. But Young said those who miss the deadline can get their credit reinstated in 2014 — the amount they would have received that year if they had met the Dec. 31 deadline.

I won't recall today Sandoval the former state senator, political kingpin and restaurant owner with a grin that said: Maybe I know something. Maybe I don't.

Regulatory action to cap methane leakage may, then, curtail anticipated production of natural gas in the Marcellus shale that extends from New York to West Virginia. The American Petroleum Institute, a trade association that represents the oil and gas industry, has warned that EPA standards regulating methane emissions could slow drilling, resulting in less oil and natural gas production.

High-powered fountains moving in sync to the musical score will squirt water into the 7 million gallon pool from the first few rows of the 5,500-seat Shamu Stadium. In one show sequence, the whales play amid the arcing fountains.

BRIGHT ANGEL TRAIL

DEC. 8

"Wow, man, even your blood is green."

Here's the advisory from Hal Mumme, Leach's former passing co-conspirator, on what's in store at Washington State, which just hired Leach:

The agreement could bring hundreds of new jobs to Vancouver. PeaceHealth plans to move its support services and executive offices to the city by 2014, though it hasn't selected a site.

Such incidents raise troubling questions about the readiness of Afghan forces to take over when militants remain able to stage high-profile attacks, even when already tight security had been beefed up even further for Obama's visit.

Seattle joins several other cities in passing a boycott of the state in response to the law. Boston; New York City; Los Angeles; Oakland, Calif.; West Hollywood, Calif.; and San Diego have passed similar resolutions condemning the law and promising to spend less money in the state. San Francisco; St. Paul, Minn.; and Denver's school systems have banned employee travel to Arizona using public funds.

Her opponent in the June 8 primary election, Insurance Commissioner Steve Poizner, on Monday held a news conference at the San Ysidro border crossing where he assailed Whitman for opposing the Arizona law - which he himself had opposed until recently. Poizner said some late changes in the law aimed at avoiding racial profiling won him over.

When this year's numbers are crunched, Lerner expects that as many as 37.5 million people will have visited Vegas. Next year, he predicts 39 million.

The accused ring leader, Tuan Ahan Dang, 36, of Port Monmouth, is charged with leading a narcotics trafficking network, which carries a mandatory life sentence, state Attorney General Paula Dow said in statement.

Matsui said he hoped that people and areas affected by the March 11 earthquake and tsunami -- which triggered the crisis at the Fukushima nuclear power plant -- would recover from the disaster. He also called on the central government to review energy policies and adopt concrete measures. "There are people who advocate breaking free from nuclear power or call for more use of renewable energy," he said.

Many charities post information about their programs and directors on their own websites. The more detailed, the better. For example, not just "we help children," but "we served meals to 350 children in Cleveland in 2009."

Two years ago, as the state welcomed a new Governor, I said that we hoped to work in partnership with him to further our shared goal of making this state the best it can be. I emphasized that adversarial partisanship does not solve problems.

Slim the hips

"If you know you have to clear a building and it's Friday, do we have to do it now?" he said. "It's one thing if they are damaging personal files; it's another if they are sitting there having pizza."

We all were taught when we were young that it is not always easy to do the right thing.

8. Wheat Ridge beat Standley Lake 42-0

The right-hander on trial who won 354 major league games and the lefty on the stand with 240 wins had an awkward reunion Tuesday in Washington in the retrial of charges that Clemens lied when he told Congress in 2008 that he never used steroids or HGH.

Products: Six-speed transmissions used in crossovers, cars and trucks.

As usual, Easter sunrise services on Sunday will be chilly in Sacramento, although that's not likely to bother some attending the annual event in a warm, furry coat.

At Penn, a team of specialists has been assembled to interview and evaluate hand transplant candidates. The team includes social workers, psychologists, ethicists, and financial counselors, as well as physicians.

A modern mayor "doesn't just go on trips for the purpose of raising the city's visibility," Adams said. "I try to sell locally made products, big products that put people to work."

Longtime local environmental advocate Jeffrey R. Miller takes his passions nationally -- he sits on the board of the National Recycling Coalition -- and to his own Eagle Creek neighborhood, where he helps keep a pond algae-free, repairs a fence in advance of a neighborhood cleanup and picks up after his new puppy.

"You talk about the guys now, there's some reason the team doesn't want him," said Heckert. "They didn't franchise him, they didn't sign him, whatever that reason is. There's something there."

7. Construction (9-1) (7)

Too many people would rather take their talents to seemingly greener pastures.

This year, the most curious moment of the legislative session was not the budgetary train wreck on its fractious final day but at a most unusual rally a week before. A crowd of wind energy activists converged on the State House. Surreal chants of "All we are saying is give wind a chance" permeated the air. Gov.Martin O'Malleywas there to greet them, like a minister addressing the faithful.

having lots of fun.

"Treme" stars, writers and producers met with fans at a music store in the French Quarter on Wednesday. They signed copies of the show's just-released second season on DVD. The show, which tells true-to-life Katrina experiences through fictional characters, is taping its third season.

Experts say Vietnam's surging demand is threatening to wipe out the world's remaining rhinoceros populations, which recovered from the brink of extinction after the 1970s thanks to conservation campaigns. Illegal killings in Africa hit the highest recorded level in 2011 and are expected to worsen this year.

"I really believe that good design affects us in a positive way," Ellefson said. "I think that by living in a beautiful, comfortable and functional environment, our lives are enriched, we feel better and that we really can have a better life if we surround ourselves with beauty and comfort."

This roster is constructed for the hitters to carry a heavy burden, especially early on. The Rockies went 0-for-8 with runners in scoring position over the final two games of the series, leaving them vulnerable to the slightest gaffe and open for second-guessing.

In late 2009, members of his unit were laid off after the bank's merger with Wachovia. His symptoms were growing worse -- anxiety, growing confusion and withdrawal from people. While he looked for a new job, he also started going to doctors.

Ravi explained that he told others what he had seen because he needed advice and had shut off and turned his webcam away the second time Clementi asked to use the room, on Sept. 21.

For large chains such as Hilton or Holiday Inn, the challenge is more likely about time than money because of their deep pockets.

Kitzhaber for a time served as a board member for the Green Economy Institute, a nonprofit affiliated with Hayes' 3EStrategies firm.

Brewington had served for seven years as St. Peter's administrative assistant, Sutton said.

Not that Portland didn’t get a few sniffs at goal in the opening half.

The Broncos have increased security outside the locker room the past two weeks. All this protection for a team that has lost 12 of its past 16 games and has one player whose popularity transcends the Rocky Mountain region.

ESPN's Mel Kiper Jr., March 9: "There's still some concerns about Newton and if he can deal with adversity of performance. It's come easy to Newton. He's dominated at every level. He's never been around losing. How effective is he moving forward dealing with negativity about performance? Other quarterbacks have had to struggle at times. He's never struggled. This guy, it's been lights-out. When it's not easy, can he adjust and improve? How will he deal with that? Is he going to work hard enough to do that?"

"At the beginning of the year, we were on a pace of about a shortage every day," Erin R. Fox, manager of the service, told The Associated Press. "Luckily, that pace has definitely diminished."

Sahwany says it doesn't "strike his mind" that Abuelazam is violent. He's on trial for the death of Arnold Minor and is separately charged with two more murders and six attempted murders.

Afghan and American officials finalized the text of the document on Sunday after a year and a half of negotiations during which it often seemed that the deal was likely to fall apart. They went through 23 drafts before both sides were finally satisfied, Spanta said.

Bald head, tattoos, here I stand.

The victim said he was crossing the street when he saw a group of about five males, and when the two armed men began shooting he ran but was struck once, reports said.

"The stuff that is really sweet is acoustic stuff of Jerry Garcia and Bob Weir playing," Brown continued. "No one has seen this and that's at least three times in the film."

22825 SW 94th Ter; 1,591 square feet; on 8/22/2011 for $211,000

Lynch-Ford asked anyone with information to contact Lakewood Detective Steven Wexler at (732) 363-0200 or Ocean County Prosecutor's Detective Tom Tiernan at (732) 929-2027.

The Ramova gave Dinos more than he ever thought it would - a good living, a beautiful wife, three successful kids and five grandchildren. Friends, too many to count.

Plus, county officials expect the new county government to eventually move out of the 55-year-old administration building.

Shaquille O'Neal played well in extended minutes in the first game without Zydrunas Ilgauskas, getting 18 points and seven rebounds. But he missed all six of his free throws.

But others in the neighborhood can't stand what some derisively call "the ark."

The company, based in in Great Bend, Kan., sells personal care and household cleaning products directly and through retailers such as Byerly's and Home Depot.

"If anyone in Congress tries to move to a dirty-air policy, I will take them straight to the American people and do everything in my power to stop them," Boxer, a Democrat, pledged at a news conference.

The photos, one of which showed a slight young man brandishing two handguns, seemed to be legitimate and immediately began popping up on television news coverage, sometimes with the face blurred, sometimes not.

The Alliance for Main Street Fairness, which has fought to force online retailers to collect state and local tax, also welcomed the agreement and called for Congress to enact a national solution.

In his career, the 7-foot, 270-pound Oden has played in 82 games, the equivalent of one NBA season. Oden has career averages of 9.4 points and 7.3 rebounds.

Wages aren't rising fast enough to keep up with inflation. Rising gas prices are also weighing on consumers' ability to spend money on other goods and services. And Europe's debt crisis has flared up again, as Spain and Italy have been forced in recent days to pay higher interest rates on their debts.

Fed on coffee and Voodoo Doughnuts, the congregation grows and complicates as tensions tighten with a sect led by bicycle prankster Diogenes (another hat tip, to the Greek philosopher who helped establish Cynicism).

Hanson was fond of simple Scandinavian farmhouses like her childhood home, while Fjelstul wanted to incorporate the warmth of lake cabins so prevalent around her hometown in Minnesota's North Woods.

But the real gist of this situation may be this: Good manners are good manners, or, to quote Alfred Tennyson, "For manners are not idle, but the fruit of loyal nature and of noble mind." Which leads to this question: As fliers, really as citizens of the world, have we lost our mind?

Out here, about three hours from the capital, there is little mention of Castro. However, many billboards feature Che Guevara, the Argentine doctor who was a co-leader of the Cuban Revolution in 1958-59.

"For the amount of money that was spent, it should have been well-thought," said Olivia Stanley, parent of a second-grader. "They need to give them some activities up there — maybe a track, sports (equipment) or gymnastics space. They need to have something, rather than a place to just run up or down, or read books."

"His arm speed is unbelievable," Orioles pitching coach Rick Adair said of Wada's change-up. "He's got great arm action and can throw it for strikes, throw it for a chase. He knew what he was doing. He has good presence. He's a smaller stature guy, but he can create some anxiety with hitters. It was fun to see."

This is the heavy burden faced daily by parents of children with food allergies.

I'm just shocked and dismayed to see these city and other county school districts that are in such disarray. I'm a high school graduate from the state of Nebraska. We had only four teachers in high school one year. I was able to graduate from a prestigious eastern university. I was an engineering manager all my life in the St. Louis area. I think it's crazy what's going on.

Daniel Lynch, a descendant of Civil War veterans and two New Jersey governors, said he wasn’t just a re-enactor but more precisely one of the Sons of Union Veterans of the Civil War. The group maintains landmarks across the state and secures headstones for fallen soldiers, he said.

In his speech, Cameron decried multiculturalism's "hands-off tolerance" of some cultural behaviors -- he used the example of forced marriages -- that are antithetical to Western values. Instead, Britain needs to win the hearts and minds of newcomers with the ideals of personal liberty and individualism, combating multiculturalism-induced rootlessness that can cause some to find a home in political extremism.

Favorite subject: History. "I enjoy learning about events from the past and how they shape the present."

"Somebody magically shuffled them together. ... I don't believe I did it,'' Hildebrant testified.

Both Graham and Bowman agreed to the contract extentions with no increase in salary or benefits.

"Hot in Cleveland" began production on its third TV Land season this week. Other guest stars announced for this 24-episode third season include Kathie Lee Gifford, Sandra Bernhard, Laura San Giacomo, Gilles Marini and one of the cable sitcom's executive producers, "Sean Hayes ("Will & Grace").

She said she made her payments without problems until the car accident in November. She disputed the allegation that she was 90 days behind. She actually owed less than two months, she said, because of the extra payments in January and February. She said she was going to get an income tax refund later this month and that would allow her to pay her bill in full.

Most Unrealistic Line Uttered: “Why don’t we do something low key?” -- Emily about Daniel’s birthday. Nothing says low key like a decorated cabana on the beach!

But voters were turning down school taxes in North Olmsted and Parma.

Older people also seem notably worry-free, at least about earthquakes. Nearly half of those in the oldest group in the survey, age 65 and over, said they didn't worry at all about quakes. Below age 50, only one in three took that attitude.

May 11: @ Marshall * 2:05 p.m.

The Rebels got to within a goal at 9-8 early in the third quarter, but that was as close as they would get. Prep scored its final goal with 23 seconds remaining, but the team couldn't get the ball back to try and cut the lead to one and hopefully get a chance for a tie.

Cooperman has named the pair Mr. Hughes — for “the flyer Howard Hughes” — and his mate Zoe, or “Mrs. Hughes.” Actually this is Zoe's second mate, he said, explaining that her first was killed several years ago.

"The complexity and diversity of our public and private sector members suggest there are different opinions," says Weber. "With that many people, not everyone is going to agree on everything."

Their rendezvous at the bar is the first time Peggy and Cat Boy have met, as Peggy's invited him to accompany her to a swanky party she's catering at the Venezuelan Consulate. As first dates go, that sure beats the heck out of meeting for a half-caff latte.

Brown's cause of death puzzles Davis because immobility is a risk factor for deep vein thrombosis, the medical term for clots in the legs. "My daughter was homeless. She had to move around constantly."

"People have a real choice between a strong measure and one that is weak and is going to require going back to voters in two or three years," he said.

Woodrow C. Steck II, 19, of the 600 block of Lake Avenue, was charged Friday with marijuana possession.

12. Plan a nice brunch or other social gathering at the end of your trip, so you'll have something to look forward to. It'll let everyone wind down, compare bargains and congratulate themselves on having jump-started the economy.

"I always think something is going to happen," Brian said.

In terms of environmental impact, Wolff said the project, next door to the Don Edwards national wildlife refuge, will be much less intrusive than what could go up on the land between Interstate 880 and Cushing Parkway, zoned for 4.5 million square feet of office space.

888 Almond Hill Ct, $269,900

with residents' tipping generosity around Christmas took advantage of the goodwill by stealing hundreds of dollars worth of cash and gift cards from several neighborhoods in Chesterfield, according to a charge filed Tuesday.

"We each have a very specific capacity," Lowry says. "You have to keep your focus; the age of the general shop is over and done with."

“I watched his cutter in his first start, the command wasn't there and all of a sudden you saw it in Minnesota. It was there in Detroit. All of a sudden you saw him starting to command the baseball better. That's probably just relaxing in the situation. There's a lot of expectations on that young man. There's a lot of players who deal with it here sometimes when you're a first round pick and expected to come in and put up huge numbers and be an ace. Each time that he has (gone) out I've seen his command improve.”

The selection of an agent as presenter was unusual; then again, Faulk never was afraid to go against the grain.

The 2012 election is expected to turn on the state of the economy, which polls have shown to be overwhelmingly the biggest concern of voters.

